Add possibility to mute learners for a repo (#3)
mirego/dispatch: README.md

Everything is done via a simple GitHub webhook:

| Field        | Value                                  |
|--------------|----------------------------------------|
| Payload URL  | `https://my-dispatch-app.com/webhooks` |
| Content type | `application/json`                     |
| Events       | Send me **everything**.                |

#### Webhook query string parameters

| Parameter          | Default value | Description                                                        |
|--------------------|---------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `stacks`           | `[]`          | Comma-separated values of project’s stacks (e.g. `elixir,graphql`) |

> | `disable_learners` | `false`       | Disable _learners_ for this project                                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `disable_learners` | `false`       | Disable _learners_ for this repository                             |
```

| Content type | `application/json`                                                     |
| Events       | Send me **everything**.                                                |

#### Additional arguments

| Argument        | Default value      | Description                                     |
|-----------------|--------------------|-------------------------------------------------|

> | `mute_learners` | `false`            | Prevent _learners_ assignation for this project |

Reviewer 2: `mute_learners` _prevents_ assignation.

Shouldn’t the _api_ be a little more explicit? Something like :

```suggestion
| `learners`      | `true`             | Include _learners_ assignation for this project |
```

Author: We want `learners` to be assigned by default. It is not an opt-in functionality.

Reviewer 2: I think your right 🤔 

I would change the parameter name to something more explicit like `disable_learners` since `mute` and _Prevent_ does not sound right to me; in an _api_ point of view.
